Balol - Alfonso
Elle - Margo
    speaks goblin
Thaua - Sarah
Berrion - RJ

Tomb of arkeous, Lamor's tower


Mendex: aparently dead. We met him in person (we thought). Elderly gentleman, in wheel chair, pushed around a brute. 

Session 2

Recap
Berrion, Farma, El accepted quest from Mendax. Woke up in pile of corpses, had letters telling them about quest. They need to get a key to enter a tomb and retrieve a flask. Got trapped and escaped. Found a wizard's study, goblin said wizard locked himself away. Promised goblin to get rid of pests. The story continues

I accepted this quest for power and gold. We know there may be another team, we won't get fewer rewards by cooperating

Begins
Original team chooses to help Strizz the goblin. They choose to go 

I travel with Balol through a cave and enter the wizard's tower. I encounter 2 rust monsters and some other adventurers. We push them down a hole and close up the hole. Mendex is a very well known wizard that focuses in dragons

The plants are failing. We go to a nearby town, it's not very active but not abandoned. We go into the tavern. No music, just a couple people here. Just kinda ragged appearance. Lots of monster's nearby, no harvest, weird illness. Barkeep doesn't live here, points out redhaired man in the corner. I learn the tomb is to the northeast, about 2 days away. Houses a patriarch of powerful family. 

Someone prays to Immaculate lady. Neclace with an emblem: front of woman's face split in halfs, one half is shifted away the other plain

Some witch hunters come in. Balol accosts them. I try to detect magic, caught by the witch hunters. They grill me about lamor's tower. They're capable of zone's of truth, want to know about Lamor's tower. Suspicious of necromancy. Balol tries to intimidate them by shaking the ground. they didn't like that. Thaua agrees to a truth circle. Rumors of the tomb of Arkeous family being in contact with demons. Current family is not under suspicion. Mendex died 200 years. Witch hunter tries lesser heal on Berrion, it doesn't work. Witchhunter is willing to send a message to the capital about the disease. Witchhunter name is Gabriel Schtick

I did not detect magic in my bedroomn

Next biggest town is several days SW, port town is SE. 